c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\DASL_Import.exe.config
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\DASL_Import.exe
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\DASL_Import.pdb
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\obj\Release\DASL_Import.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\obj\Release\DASL_Import.exe
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\obj\Release\DASL_Import.pdb
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\DASL_Import_App.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\DASL_Import_App.pdb
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DASL_Import_App\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\DASL_Import.exe.config
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\DASL_Import.exe
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\DASL_Import.pdb
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\DASL_Import_App.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\DASL_Import_App.pdb
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\obj\Release\DASL_Import.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\obj\Release\DASL_Import.exe
C:\Users\Sean\Documents\GitHub\DASLImport\DASL_Import\obj\Release\DASL_Import.pdb
